[WIP] [App Bridge] [Frame] improve documentation for Frame component and those components which delegate to App Bridge (#653)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/ContextualSaveBar/README.md

---

## Required components

The contextual save bar component must be wrapped in the [frame](/components/structure/frame) component.

---

## Use in an embedded application

> Use of the contextual save bar component in an embedded application is [not currently supported](link/to/github/issue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use of the contextual save bar component in an embedded application is not currently supported. If this is a feature you would like to see supported by Shopify App Bridge, let us know in the [forums](https://ecommerce.shopify.com/c/shopify-apis-and-technology).
```
